good morning you have been in suspension
for 50 days in compliance with state and
federal regulations all testing
candidates in the Aperture Science
extended relaxation center must be
revived periodically for a mandatory
physical and mental wellness exercise
you will hear a buzz when you hear the
buzzer look up at the ceiling good you
will hear a buzz when you hear the
buzzer look down at the floor good this
completes the gymnastic portion of your
mandatory physical and mental wellness
exercise there is a framed painting on
the wall please go stand in front of
them this is part you will hear a buzzer
when you hear the buzzer stare at the
other
you should now feel mentally
reinvigorated if you suspect staring at
art has not provided the required
intellectual sustenance reflect reflejo
music
good now please return to your bed
good morning you have been in suspension
floor nein nein nein nein nein are you
from the store at this time any time
exercised his order Rallo
Mannix no relaxation open this door
concerns regarding this policy well I'll
just open the doors windows service at
this message friends drawer in front of
me and write us a letter could be
Spanish hola amico abre la puerta
donde esta no fine no for absolutely
fine it's not like I don't have you know
10,000 other test subjects begging me to
help them escape you know it's not like
this place is about to explode
all right look okay I'll be honest
you're the last test subject left and if
you don't help me we're both gonna die
all right I didn't want to say it there
you go you're going to out of me
all right dead dust where take open Oh
God
you looked good looking good actually
are you okay are you okay answer that
I'm actually sure you're fine there's
plenty of time for you to recover just
take it please prepare for emergency
evacuation all right don't move I'm
gonna get us out of here oh you might
want to hang on to something
word of advice up to you
you're right time there can you hear me
hello
most test subjects do experience some
cognitive deterioration after a few
months in suspension now you've been
under for quite a lot longer and it's
not out of the question
that you might have a very minor case of
serious brain damage but don't be
alarmed all right although if you do if
you do feel alarm try to hold on to that
feeling because that is the proper
reaction to being told that you've got
brain damage do you understand what I'm
saying
that's all what does any of this make
any sense just tell me just say yes okay
what you're doing there is jumping you
just you just jumped but never mind
say Apple Apple okay you know what
that's close enough just hold tight
all reactor core safeguards are now
non-functional please prepare for
reactor core meltdown
okay look I wasn't going to mention this
to you but I'm in pretty hot water here
are you doing that they're still holding
on the reserve power ran out so of
course the whole relaxation center
starts waking up the bloody test subject
hold on this is a bit tricky and of
course nobody tells me
know what you tell me anything
boy should I be careful
like functions of the 10,000 bloody test
subjects I'm supposed to be charged on
line close can you see I'm not gonna
make you through but I love space
just just go get through here all right
I just got concentrate
and whose fault do you think it's gonna
be when the management comes down here
and finds ten thousand flippin
vegetables
okay listen we should get our stories
straight all right if anyone asks and no
one's gonna ask don't worry but if
anyone asks tell them as far as you know
the last time you checked everyone
looked pretty much alive
all right not dead okay almost there on
the other side of that wall is one of
the old testing tracks there's a piece
of equipment in there that we're gonna
need to get out of here I think this is
a docking station get ready
the news that is not a docking station
so there's one mystery song I'm going to
attempt a manual override on this wall
look a bit technical hold on
almost an remember looking brick on the
mix home bullet holes don't worry you'll
figure out seriously do hold on this
time
hello and again welcome to the Aperture
Science Enrichment Center we are
currently experiencing technical
difficulties due to circumstances of
potentially apocalyptic significance
beyond our control however thanks to
emergency testing protocols testing can
continue these pre-recorded messages
will provide instructional and
motivational support so that science can
still be done even in the event of
environmental social economic or
structural collapse the portal will open
and emergency testing will begin in 3 2
what Hume and button based testing
remains an important tool for science
even in a dire emergency
if cube and button based testing and
Kostis emergency don't worry the odds of
this happening twice are very slim
please note the incandescent particle
field across the exit this Aperture
Science material emancipation grill will
vaporize any unauthorized equipment that
passes through it if you feel liquid
running down your neck relax lie on your
back and apply immediate pressure to
your tablets you are simply experiencing
a rare reaction in which the material
emancipation grill may have emancipated
the ear tubes inside your head good
because of the technical difficulties we
are currently experiencing your testing
environment is unsupervised before
re-entering of relaxation vault at the
conclusion of testing please take a
moment to write down the results of your
test an Aperture Science reintegration
associate will revive it before an
interview when society has been rebuilt
if the earth is currently governed by a
manner of animal king sending a cloud or
other governing body that either refuses
to or is a capable of lucemon to wash